So, we're going to create
a greeting skeleton or
I think someone had a better word for
this.
What was the word?
>> Shimmer.
>> Shimmer?
There it is, the greeting shimmer.
This one's not going to shimmer though,
it's not going to have that, whatever,
the shimmer.
It's not going to have the shimmer but
actually, no, I think it will.
I think this one does have a shimmer.
We'll find out.
I can't remember if I did the shimmer or
not.
I think I might have.
Yeah.
I do animate pulse.
It's definitely going to shimmer.
Okay, so let's create a greeting
skeleton TSX in our components folder.
And there's no logic here, this is all
styling, it's basically just HTML but
I'll walk through it if you want to
see how shimmer works with Tailwind.
It's quite interesting but
nothing special here.
Basically what we're doing here is we're
just creating empty divs with spacings and
backgrounds that look like the shape of
the element that it's trying to imitate.
That's it.
It's not really doing anything else.
So, we have our greeting skeleton.
We exported it.
And now what we want to
do is we want to bring
that into our page and
pass that as a fallback to suspense.
Which is wrapped around the greetings
component that we already brought in.
So let's do that.
Let's go back to our dashboard homepage.
We're going to wrap the greeting
in the suspense component.
We're going to give it a fallback
of greeting skeleton like that.
Okay?
So, then if we go back here and
refresh, we get that skeleton instead
while it's loading, and then boom,
then we get our actual component.
I'm gonna try to make that component for
width because it is actually bothered me,
it should be full width.
It's because its parent isn't.
That's interesting.
It's just CSS stuff.
Yeah, okay, I figured.
Where's this?
This thing is this one,
this one should have a, no, it does.
Has a one of one,
that's 100% total, I don't know.
>> That would be slash full.
Yeah, that's always about to add, but
I don't know why one of one
wouldn't have done the same thing.
There it is, much better.
Cool, okay.
Any questions on that?
I mean, you could have gotten a similar
result to this without server
components and client components.
But the thing to remember is what's
actually happening in the background.
There is no JavaScript here and
the client need it for
this component because it
happened on the server and
it was streamed in because
it's a server component.
The data happened on the server,
the data fetching happened.
So, that's one thing to remember.
And then two, we don't have to set up the
conditional logic on is there a loading,
you basically have to make
a hook to see if it's loading or
not and
then at that point you're on the client.
So, we got all of that logic for
free on when to toggle loading
animation component and
not without sending
JavaScript to the client.
Which is kind of crazy,
other than the JavaScript that Next.js and
React already has because suspense is part
of React, so that's already cacheable.
It's predictable, so
it's cacheable and never changes.
Next.js, whatever they add to
it is cacheable and predictable,
it never changes.
Your code is the only thing that changes,
so that's why it's hard to cache but
all this happened on the server,
pretty cool.